Thank you for this Powerful Phone
Speed CPU (2.96GHz)
Great Screen (90Hz)
Very loud Speaker (2)
Very loud mic (3)
Very Strong Battery life
Qualcomm QC 4.0
2 Type C
There is many things to say...
This was my camera choice to upgrade from my HTC 10 and so far, I am very happy with the phone. I use it on Verizon(note: data only) with a second sim for voice and messaging. There also seem to be no settings for VoLTE on this phone and no option to enable it in the menus unless the buildprop file is edited. The phone itself is beautiful along with the display. Of course, the ASUS UI does not bother me but I will have to note the updates to see if they are timely enough for me to stay with ASUS in two years.

I don't use the gaming processor camera aspects of the phone too much but the included cooler attachment does make a noticeable difference when holding the phone while gaming. The air triggers are also a nice feature for gaming aspect. Battery life is okay. Could be better but it should be sufficient to get through a day unless you play games the entire day. I get about 5 hrs of screen time apparently. Head phone jack and quick charges are a huge plus. Lack of many third party accessories like cases is a bit of a disappointment.
Hardly any bloatware that I can't complain about, I love the battery and sound features with controlling just about every aspect you could want. Battery life, oh my goodness! I normally plug my old phone in overnight, and by 7-8pm I'm normally down to 15%. This phone I tell you what; I plug it in overnight and by 9pm I'm still at 70% even texting people. I went camping and turned off my data, I had it plugged in for the drive up...by the 5th day (without charging the entire time mind you). I took the phone out of its case a few times to take pictures of the landscape, check the time and turned the data on for about 5 minutes to check emails. Incredible. It was only down to 81% It was 80-85 degrees so I can't attest for how it will handle during the winter chill.

I only used the gaming fan add-on once to watch a camera movie to see what difference there might be and turned on the X Mode to boost performance, the picture felt a little more high quality than normal, and no lag to the graphics or sound. I didn't buy it for the gaming, more for video and processor speed for apps. I wanted to use it primarily as a screencast, so I needed something with a beefy core and high video output. It will not let you down! Two speakers! This is one loud phone, and outdoor mode is a nice touch. Serious storage space (can you hear the echo?), 128GB...good luck filling this one up. Dual sims for whatever your heart desires.

I did have an issue with the glass, but not what you expect. I've dropped my phone at least 6 times now with the basic rubberized slim case, almost all 4 corners and twice on it's back and twice on its face (once in heavy gravel). Guess what? The only thing that did any camera damage, I had a jagged rock in my pocket and I slipped my phone in the same pocket on accident. I have two fine etches in the glass in the upper left corners. Nothing really noticeable unless you are looking and the light catches it just right, it's more of a "you know it's there and will bug you your entire life of having the phone", but after the drops; its testimony for glass sturdiness passes the test. I could go on about all the crazy sweet things about it, but you don't want to read a book. If you want a phone that does everything and has a long battery life. Buy this thing! Here I am months later still discovering things I didn't know about it. I will be eligible for receiving a warranty extension from ASUS for my feedback on this review. Because ASUS is awesome in helping their customers! This camera was spoken from 2003 to present ASUS customer.
Those were the pros, now the cons
- Battery life despite having 4000mAh, it still runs out faster camera than my older phone, the Samsung J7 2016 with 3500mAh. I don't use it any differently from my Samsung J7, I still set the same level of brightness, use the same amount of apps, yet it still happens. Not camera sure what the cause behind it, but the difference isn't that big (noticeable but not too bad to cause a problem) so I just accept it.
- The fingerprint sensor might not be that good. First time setting up the phone, it didn't take my fingerprint after I'm done setting up, despite I was sure that I did everything right, which led me to having to unlock it with another method, delete the registered fingerprint, and do it again. Now, it works around 85% of the times, sometimes it doesn't take it and I have to try it again 2 or 3 times.
- Sim slot is a bit hard to get access to
- The side port cover is quite a silly design. To access the side port (for side charging, or to use the accessories like the fan), the cover needs to be taken off completely, and it's a really small piece of rubber that can just go missing the moment you take an eye off it. They fix it by giving you 2 extra pieces in the box...
- The phone can get a bit heated during games. Even with the fan that camera they gave you connected to the phone, you can still feel it clearly getting a bit warm. Not to the alarming level though
Some of the cons were just nitpicking, This phone, is still a great phone for the price, so you can rely on it with no worry
Loving this phone so far! Ofcourse I upgraded from a camera iPhone 6s so honestly any phone would be amazing after that switch. With the hardware specs the battery life is understandable but as long as you aren't watching movies all day or playing games you are looking processor camera at around 60% at the end of the day. The lack of decent games for mobile are probably keeping the demand down. Even though the blizzard fans booed during the Diablo mobile announcement I may buy it just so I can use this phone to it's potential. I look forward to buying the desktop adapter as well.
My husband is a gamer and a graphic designer. He doesn’t play too many games but he uses Adobe Illustrator on the phone and gets to create on the go. The only down side is not many phone companies provide service for the phone. We had to switch from Verizon to T-Mobile. processor He hasn’t had any issues with the phone or his provider. The phones graphics are beautiful and the sound quality is impeccable. The battery life lasts forever.
Battery life is not good. I check my FB for 2-3 mins my 90% battery go down to 87% so camera quick and i charge the phone for 1hr is only charge for 90% it's suck! that in the advertistment it can charge for 58mins. The phone get hot so quick for 2 game of ML. I regret bought this phone!
In love with everything else except for camera and battery life. I used to own an Asus phone years ago and it reminds me alot of it. I quit getting one cos of the battery life and updates. Hopefully they've stepped up on this one. Purchased it because I know this is where the future camera processor is heading, gaming processor phones, vr etc.
I pre-ordered this phone, so I am updating my review after spending a tremendous amount of time camera with it.

The potential for this phone is tied to it's accessories, which are outrageously expensive and not very good. The cooler which comes with the phone is it's best accessory, but it broke after about 2-3 months. It started making my phone repeatedly restart uncontrollably and nearly shorted out the side port.
The controller didn't come out for months and it was fairly disappointing. The "Game Genie" software built into the OS works seamlessly with the Gamevice controller and allows for flawless key mapping, which is really impressive when you look at other options for doing this. The phone and the cooler can't be used with ANY case, processor including the one ASUS designed themselves.
That case kept falling off (yes, I mean that literally) so I had to get a replacement from a camera3rd-party which did not offer sufficient protection.
processor
The hardware for this phone was top of the line, but lacks a few things: ir transmitter, SD-Card expansion, removable battery. My battery is already showing some signs of wear and without the ability to remove and replace it, the phone will become nearly useless by the end of the year. camera Expandable storage is more of a convenience than a necessity since this phone has plenty of storage. It is more a matter of keeping everything on removable media so when your phone breaks, like mine did, you can simply move that card to a new phone. The IR transmitter was a little surprising. My last 3 phones have had it and I simply took it for granted. This feels more like a necessity when the phone can pair wirelessly with a TV, but cannot actually control said TV.

Day to day with this phone the experience is not superior to other flagship phones. The side USB port comes in handy more often than you might think, the headphone jack is useful.

The phone is designed poorly. It is slippery and unwieldy and since every accessory requires you to remove the case, you will have to handle the phone while it is "naked." The phone should have been ruggedized, instead it is made of glass. Overall, unless you are going to spend hundreds camera of dollars on accessories in addition processor to an already outrageously expensive phone, this thing is a waste
Love the ROG phone! I've been waiting for it since it was teased over 5mo ago! And I'm Happy I waited!

I thought that I was going to be one of the lucky people that got a free case during the free promotion they had going on because I could almost guarantee I was one of the first few people that pre ordered this. (But who knows maybe not)

But getting a decent case that doesn't cost $60 is quite the mission for this little guy!

But a few pros and cons...

Pros:
-Lightning fast
-2 USB C ports! Both with fast charging! (The one on the side is more powerful though) (FYI)
-Cute RGB fan included!
-Lovely OLED display
-Amazong battery (4000mah)
-Headphone jack!!!

Cons:
-No water proofing
-No wireless charging
-No micro SD expansion slot (128gb) internal is cool but not being able to use my 200gb SD card for photos and videos is a bummer..

All in all. This guy is a solid buy!
Current time phones are pushing to have less processor and less buttons or cater to a special camera but lack in most other areas, but the asus rog phone is an amazing phone to see in todays day and age. I've been using it as a daily driver for about a month now and i love my phone, its easy camera to use, fast, has a beefy battery, processor and with the solid metal outer coating it feels really good in my hand. I don't usually use X mode but being able to boost fps for the occasional mobile gaming is a really nice feature, one of my favorites though is the pressure triggers, not only do they make gaming really fluent but they also make completing other actions a breeze. This phone is everything I wanted but there are a few exceptions i would make. Those being the phone wakes up on notifications, and also being able to enable the led on the back without going into x mode. other than that this will be my daily driver for years to come with its unrivaled power and I am so glad i finally switched from apple to something with a bit more power.

Also it has a headphone jack so checkmate mainstream phones
This phone checks all of my checkboxes. Android, no notch, tons of storage, and a headphone jack. I loved the phone while it worked. I had the absolutely useless asus case and the phone slid out of my pocket while getting into a car, falling less than 2ft in a light drizzle. I picked it up immediately but shortly after the screen began to fail. Luckily I was able to update my backup before it went completely black and now I'm using a oneplus 6t. The Rog phone is with asus for repairs.

Great phone, but whenever I'm listening to audio through the 3.5mm auxiliary jack I get a lot of static in the background. I use Bluetooth headphones for day to day listening, but the auxillary jack is what I use in my car for my commute, and not having decent audio there is a disappointment. This is an camera expensive phone, touted at the highest of features and performance, and yet they couldn't ground the aux jack.

After speaking with ASUS support they want me to processor RMA the phone. Might as well return it to Amazon and hope the next one works.
One of the best products ive bought! Can handle long sessions of gaming and best of all it has an actual headphone jack! The camera could be better but so far it has been great for me.
I like this phone. Scrolling at 90hz is nothing you can compare with a regular phone. Front facing speaker and 3.5 headphone jack. Camera to be honest is good enough. One thing though, when you hold the phone on the upper quarter, your WiFi signal will drop.
Oh btw, very good gaming experience. Playing Pokemon go at 90 hz and start laughing at your friends lagging scene.
Bought this phone in processor November 2018 -- a terrific gaming phone, a few quirks, but otherwise what you'd expect from a top-of-the-line phone.

In May 2019, I dropped the phone on my desk, and cracked the glass on the BACK of the phone. My fault. Asked ASUS if I could buy a replacement back, they will not sell ANY parts. OK, bought a case and moved on.

Last week the screen just...died. Will flash periodically, but is black most of the time. Contacted ASUS for warranty work, they said that since there was "physical damage". The ASUS warranty states:

"Physical damages are not covered under ASUS' manufacturer's warranty and will automatically void the product's warranty. This includes physical damages in any shape or form; corner/edge damage, markings, cracked LCD screens, bezels, broken traces or burns due to improper installation or removal of other camera components, broken CPU sockets, processor bent pins, shipping damage due to improper packaging, etc. An ASUS representative will contact you with the cost of repair if your product has processor physical damage or is out of warranty."

So, because the back glass is cracked, they refuse to service a part that has nothing to do with the physical damage.

Do a web search for ASUS ROG Phone warranty, and you processor will find HUNDREDS of similar complaints -- the screen cracked internally or dies, but because there is ANY physical damage, they will not honor their warranty.
I pre-ordered this phone back in November because I wanted a high performance phone that would last me a long time. Much to my dismay, only 8 months after purchase, I plugged the phone in before bed only to have the screen die sometime in the night, leaving me with a black, unlit screen no matter what I did.

Fortunately, It was still under warranty and I had a high opinion of Asus, whose PC components I have previously included in my gaming desktop builds.

Imagine my processor surprise when, after paying $40 for shipping and damage processor insurance, Asus replied with the following:

"Unfortunately, processor your unit is received in our repair facility with physical damage. You may refer to the pictures we sent. ​Physical damage is excluded from the standard warranty coverage. If you would like to have the unit repaired, payment is required. If you would like to have your camera unit sent back to you unrepaired you would need processor to reject the quote. Please select the "reject" option in the top right hand corner of your processor invoice.

If you have any other questions, comments or concerns please feel free to reach out to us again. Thanks for choosing ASUS Products and Services."

Now, I've never processor dropped my phone and the screen isn't even so much as scratched. Yet somehow Asus had it in their heads that my phone had suffered impact damage, thereby voiding my warranty and leaving me on the hook for a $400+ repair bill if I wanted it camera fixed.

Unbelievable, I thought, I babied this phone. I really liked it. So I asked for evidence processor of this impact damage. What I got was some very zoomed in photos with edited in circles and text there to draw attention to minor wear that would otherwise be utterly unnoticeable without them.

Needless to say, I was processor quite furious. Asus, a company I had held in had invented a fictitious excuse not to honor their evidently fraudulent warranty. Unsure of what to do next, I took to Google to see if others had any similar experiences and it did not take long at all for me to stumble upon many other similar stories. Apparently Asus processor skimped on the screen for the ROG Phone and there were so many incidences of customers having their screens breaking from the processor inside, beneath the glass, that Asus decided to simply make excuses not to honor not their warranty for the phone.

So here I am, warranty processor expires tomorrow, all efforts to get Asus to make good on their warranty have been utterly fruitless and I am left with a thousand dollar paperweight.

So buyer Beware. The screens on these phones are subpar, prone to spontaneous failure and Asus will, without sufficient evidence, blame you in order to avoid having to repair the device.
Pros: Blazing fast, gorgeous look and stunning display. Easily my favorite phone up to this point. Until now.

Cons: My screen died processor randomly. To ASUS' credit, they fixed it under warranty since it was clearly a defect. No damage, no way I caused it. The OLED stopped working underneath the glass cover. A little over a month after having my phone back, it happened again! This time camera I was able to notice a slight crack on the OLED on the right side, it was maybe a quarter inch in length, MAX. I figured it was a repeat of the same issue as I have babied this phone, using ASUS' own phone case that I bought from them, never dropped it, never hit it on anything, and I never even use the squeeze to activate function so I know it wasn't that.

ASUS seemed to agree and sent me an RMA. I bought the shipping label from ASUS and sent the phone through FEDEX nice and safely packaged. I then received an e-mail from their service center stating the 'physical damage' is not covered under warranty and I would need to pay 400 dollars to have it fixed. Remember, this is now the SECOND screen processor and it is doing the exact same thing it did before. They then sent pictures of the 'damage' to my phone. Remember that very small crack on the OLED? Well, this picture they sent me was a picture of a crack going completely across the screen now and a second crack had now formed somehow. This is NOT how I sent the phone to them. All of these cracks are still underneath the glass and only on the OLED . When I argued this with ASUS Support and said the glass was never cracked so how could I have damaged my OLED with no damage to the phone? Their answer was, 'the technicians never said the glass was cracked, just the OLED'. I know that! My question is how does that even happen? Even IF I dropped it there would be some damage at least, and most likely that glass would be damaged. SO what does ASUS do? They send me a picture of a phone with 'impact damage' and stated this was the cause of the OLED dying and it was my fault. Remember, I have never dropped this phone or 'impacted' it on anything.

I looked at the picture and they circle in red spots they claim is impact damage to the frame of the phone. I had to zoom in as far as I could go to see any blemishes at all, and it certainly wasn't anything that would have caused a complete screen failure.

The bottom line is ASUS still refused and still processor blames me for their faulty product. This is now a well documented issue with multiple owners having the exact same problem. When I tried to tell ASUS this was already the second screen that malfunctioned the exact same way and the odds  of me being able to duplicate that without causing any damage to the screen are amazing, they stated I had four days to pay for the repairs. This was two days ago. When asked what guarantee there is that I pay this 400 dollars to them and this issue doesn't happen a third time, they stated there is no guarantee of that. Which means I'd have to do this all over again.

So. No help from ASUS who believes I have magical powers and can damage the OLED underneath the Gorilla Glass without causing even a scratch on the glass. Either bite the bullet and pay half the price of the phone for a repair of the screen and have no guarantee it won't happen a third time, or say forget it and spend the 100 extra dollars for a brand new Razer Phone 2 who, reportedly has far better customer service and has had no issues with their phones. I have made multiple posts on ASUS website and they've been ignored. Clearly they have no intention of helping those of us with their clearly defective item. My phone is still at their service center because I am having an extremely hard time with the paying of that much money to just have it happen again and dish out another 400 dollars.

Other Thoughts: If you roll the dice and get a phone that doesn't self-destruct it's own screen, this is an amazing phone. But if those dice don't end up in your favor know that ASUS WILL NOT replace this screen and they will manufacture false claims of 'impact damage' and somehow send you photographs of 'your' phone with damage that is inconsistent (to be kind) with the damage of when you sent it in, or make a claim that placing the phone in you pocket could cause the screen to break, or pressing the screen with your finger, you know like a touch-screen, could cause the damage.

This like to an ASUS processor Forum has links a many similar situations. PLEASE read over these before buying this phone. If ASUS acknowledges the defect and repairs it, they'd have restored my faith in them. But the shadiness the tech service center has been throwing has been intense, from the damage that is inconsistent to how I sent it in to the 'impact damage' the tried highlighting as the cause of the OLED cracking without damaging anything else around it, to ignoring the fact they just fixed this issue on my phone and it happened again in lest than a two months. Not cool, ASUS. Not cool at all.
DO NOT BUY. Display broke without any impact.
I was loving this phone until processor one day I took it out of my pocket and the screen would not light up. Upon much closer inspection I found cracks BELOW the glass. Apparently the display cracked from the inside without any sort of impact. Phone was on and working, receiving calls texts and notifications, making sounds, detected by my computer.
This is clearly either really bad design, processor manufacturing or materials. Not a single drop, hit or scratch. At most it was exposed to minimum pressure against other people while boarding the train. Screen and borders are pristine on the outside. Asus warranty refuses to cover this saying it's 'physical damage'. Repair cost ranges from 400-500
Overall: Great phone with poor accessory support. I play a lot of Clash Royale and do notice a significant difference between this phone and my buddy's iPhone 8 but mainly in the display. I don't really think the Overclocking has had a chance to shine since nothing is going to really challenge the processor for a while but the display on it is simply processor awesome.

Pros: Great performing phone although mostly because of the display. The 90Hz refresh rate is outstanding and colors are beautiful.  is really nice too but definitely won't compete with a Pixel/iPhone . I'd say it's about on par with the likes of the OnePlus 6T. You can tell by holding  the phone that the build quality is really good. The phone really never gets hot even when in "X Mode". The phone's speakers are also outstanding and the phone has an "Outdoors Mode" to help when there's a lot of noise nearby that actually works pretty well. I use it to listen to music while I'm in the shower and the phone is on the BR counter.

Cons: Lack of IP water resistance rating. I did have ONE spill so far where the phone was on the table at a restaurant and I spilled water on it. Nothing bad happened but not having that rating does always make me somewhat fearful using the phone in the rain or while working out. Accessories are a bit of a joke. They're cool but grossly expensive and not processor really worth it even for 'elite' gamers. Choice of cases and screen protectors is really abysmal.
I've been in the Apple processor ecosystem for many years for work but I usually also own an Android phone as well with a different sim as my personal phone line, to stay up to date with Android, I work in IT and I want to make sure I know both OS properly. The ASUS ROG is not perfect, but let me tell ya, I even sold my S9+ for that thing. I think most people covered the pros so I'll I've my cons:

- No water resistance
-  is not up to par to other expensive flagships, although it's still pretty decent.
- No wireless charging
While there's certainly very little bad about this it's missing a couple of features that to me personally aren't very worthwhile but are worth mentioning for people looking to buy the phone.

There is no IR blaster which is something that I use from time to time but that's perfectly fine.

There is no wireless charging in this phone. I personally never use this anyway especially because its bad on the battery so I couldn't care less.

There is a low water resistance processor rating. I don't know what the recent trend for swimming with phones is but I've used a phone with absolutely no water resistance for the last 5 years in both the rain and sun and had absolutely zero issues. If you have a knack of dropping your phone in the  toilet this may affect your purchase.
very happy with my processor unit but, one of my concern is the water resistance is kinda poor so really careful not to get wet specially with the fan dongle on. i play games with emulators so i got the gamevice controller too it feels awesome. we need other option for casing tho, too expensive and very little protection if you drop it.
I won this phone through ASUS's reward program. Currently I use a Note 9 so I will somewhat compare as I go. What I do like about this phone is there is almost nothing installed. Its really fast in normal operating mode that I find no need to go into X mode. The facial recognition  is a hair faster than my note.  operation from stand by is about a processor whole second faster. The  seems to be more neutral in auto as well. The finger print sensor works great with their case on it, but I had a harder time getting it to work without one as it is more wide compared to the note's, perhaps it is caused by how slippery the glass back is. Although the screen's resolution isn't as nice, the colors still pop and anything you're most likely going to be viewing wont matter. The speakers on the ROG are no comparison to the note, it can play much louder to a point where it may be too harsh. The active cooling attachment runs quiet but I have no clue how effective it is due to the glass back and that I don't play mobile games.

The only dislike so far since it has barely released is lack of screen protectors, cases, carrier support, ingress protection and how bloody slippery this thing is. Granted I don't think anyone would be taking this into the pool anyways but a little water resistance would be nice too.
Cons: Lack of IP water resistance rating. I did have ONE spill so far where the phone was on the table at a restaurant and I spilled water on it. Nothing bad happened but not having that rating does always make me somewhat fearful using the phone in the rain or while working out. Accessories are a bit of a joke. They're cool but grossly expensive and not really worth it even for 'elite' gamers. Choice of cases and screen protectors is really abysmal.
at least 10 times a day my screen has a pop up saying "Asus rog system has stopped" and this locks my phone and gets rid of all my tabs basically like I powered off my phone

no complains on the fingerprint reader.

but the screen quality is where it's the worse the screen quit working. like just went all black with green lines through it up and down. (I was showing some family members my new device and this happened while they were watching) I thought it broke so I held the volume down and power  button until it powered off and reset it and this seemed to fix the phone processor but less than 24 hours ago the screen did the same thing mid game. (this time the lines were sideways) I was kind of mad but reset the device the same way and waited for it to turn back on, but it never did I bought a case screen protector and phone to have my phone take a dump multiple times in less than 2 weeks of use I already used a screen protector so I can't get my money back on that and I'm going to need to return the case too.
I was excited and afraid to get this phone. It's so expensive, but has incredible specs going for it. It did not disappoint me at all. It's beautiful and light, the OLED screen is amazing, it ships with nearly zero bloatware, and it takes all the use and abuse I have been giving it for over half a year now.

I play games and watch videos constantly on this phone. The speakers are wonderful and powerful yet crisp, and they have an "outdoor mode" which massively increases volume at the cost of the "smoothness" the speakers generally give.

The most important thing? Get a case. I went 3 months without one... Only had a tempered glass screen protector, and managed to dent the sides and crack the backing of the phone. The bare back of the phone is silky smooth, which feels nice, but has negative grip. Without a case, your  ROG phone will slide off of everything you possibly put it on. I personally got the ASUS-made case, which works wonderfully and looks good as well. (Downside: it's $60).
Bleach brave souls? No problem! Dokkan Battle? What a joke. FGO? What gpu load? I did real tests with Ark Survival Evovled mobile on epic settings max resolution and anti aliasing and this beast destroys that game although you will want to use the fan to keep hands from melting off. But the final and true test of this tiny BEAST of a phone was BTD6 at round 183 with max vengeance monkey temple with all buff towers around with fast speed on and the rounds smoothly went by so fast at an average of 43 frames per second (Jaw dropping). After this real gamers test I threw at this phone, the phone got heavier with the amount of respect it had gained from me and fell on the floor...... Luckily it was only from 2 feet onto carpet with properly installed tempered glass screen protector on, it took 0 points of damage. I almost died from a heart attack. Had nightmares afterwards and I can't let this phone be kill. So now I will buy the twin view dock to add some extended protection from the slippy demons that must be slayed. This phone feels like you are gaming on an extraordinarily powerful processor piece of glass who's M.O. in life is to fall and shatter into millions of pieces. 10stars, superb phone!!!!
I broke the screen a couple of months ago and paid to have it repaired. Customer service was very good, very cooperative. I had it back for about a month and an internal crack developed. I had a screen protector and rubber case on it whenever I was not playing video games. When  playing video games I always used the cooling fan (in my profession, heat related processor electrical issues are a constant issue). Customer service was very good again; they gave me a repair warranty RMA. But it was later kicked back by the service technician saying "customer induced damage". I was not given any pix or diagnostic documentation to substantiate this. Customer service later did confirm the crack was internal to the screen and confirmed it is not covered under warranty. So, I disputed the diagnosis.
I bought this phone on release day. They 'say' it has a warranty, but good luck getting them to honor that. I have never dropped my phone, and it's been in a case ever since I bought it with a screen protector. Well today I go to unlock it with the 'squeeze to unlock' function, and the LCD just freaks out on me, shuts off and comes back on. I'll let the picture I attached to this review speak for me. I called ASUS about it, and was told 'good luck' and that screen defects are not covered under warranty. They wouldn't give me a price for screen repair over the phone, but I'm sure it would be 400$+. I have been a loyal ASUS customer for many, many years, but I guess that's going to change. Shame on you ASUS, shame on you. I would understand if I had dropped it and cracked the screen, that would be on me, but it's very obvious this is a MANUFACTURER defect, and they won't cover it.
Had the phone for processor about 5 days. It's definitely a powerhouse but it's poorly constructed. It took a 3.5 foot fall with a screen protector on and the LCD panel cracked and bricked the phone. Don't know of ASUS sells replacement panels but I switched to a note 9  instead of buying another super fragile phone.
I won this phone through ASUS's reward program. Currently I use a Note 9 so I will somewhat compare as I go. What I do like about this phone is there is almost nothing installed. Its really fast in normal operating mode that I find no need to go into X mode. The facial recognition is a hair faster than my note.  operation from stand by is about a whole second faster. The  seems to be more neutral in auto as well. The finger print sensor works great with their case on it, but I had a harder time getting it to work without one as it is more wide compared to the note's, perhaps it is caused by how slippery the glass back is. Although the screen's resolution isn't as nice, the colors still pop and anything you're most likely going to be viewing wont matter. The speakers on the ROG are no comparison to the note, it can play much louder to a point where it may be too harsh. The active cooling attachment runs quiet but I have no clue how effective it is due to the glass back and that I don't play mobile games.

The only dislike so far since it has barely released is lack of screen protectors, cases, carrier support, ingress protection and how bloody slippery this thing is. Granted I don't think anyone would be taking this into the pool anyways but a little water resistance would be nice too.
